welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
return to the blue lagoon
[Music]
in 1897 mrs sarah hargrave
a widow and two young children are cast
off from the ship they are traveling on
because the ship's crew are infected
with cholera
after days afloat carney a sailor who
has been sent with them
tries to kill the boy because of his
excessive crying
sarah angrily beats carney to death with
a harpoon and dumps his body overboard
the trio arrives at and is stranded on a
beautiful
tropical island in the south pacific
sarah tries to raise them to be
civilized but soon gives up
as the orphan boy richard was born and
raised by young lovers on this same
island
and he influences the widow's daughter
lily
they grow up and sarah educates them
from the bible
as well as from her own knowledge
including the facts of life
she cautiously demands the children
never to go to the forbidden side of the
island
ten years later when richard and lily
are about 12 and 10 years old
respectively sarah dies from pneumonia
leaving them to fend for themselves
sarah is buried on a scenic promontory
overlooking the tidal reef area
together the children survive solely on
their resourcefulness and the bounty of
their remote paradise
six years later both richard and lily
grow into strong and beautiful teenagers
they live in a house on the beach and
spend their days together fishing
swimming and exploring the island both
their bodies mature and develop and they
are physically attracted to each other
richard lets lily win the child's game
easter egg hunt and dives to find lily
an adult's pearl as her reward
his penchant for racing a lagoon shark
sparks a domestic
coral lily thinks he is foolhardy but
the liveliness makes richard feel verl
lily awakens in the morning with her
first menstrual period
just as sarah described the threshold of
womanhood
richard awakens in the morning with an
erection and suffers a nasty mood swing
which he cannot explain
they then get into an argument regarding
privacy and their late mother's rules
one night richard goes off to the
forbidden side of the island
and discovers that a group of natives
from another island use the shrine of an
impressive
like idol to sacrifice conquered enemies
every full moon
richard camouflages himself with mud and
hides in the muck
meanwhile lily worries about his
disappearance
richard escapes unscathed though he is
seen by a lone native
ultimately after making up for their
fight richard and lily discover natural
love and passion
which deepens their emotional bond
they fall in love and exchange formal
wedding vows and rings
in the middle of the jungle they
consummate their newfound feelings for
each other for the next several months
soon after a ship arrives at the island
carrying unruly sailors a proud captain
and his beautiful but spoiled daughter
sylvia hillyard
the party is welcomed by the young
couple and they asked to be taken back
to civilization
after many years in isolation
sylvia tries to steal richard from lily
and seduce him
but as tempted as he is by her strange
ways he realizes that lily is his heart
and soul
upsetting sylvia richard angrily leaves
sylvia behind in the middle of the fish
pond in plain view of the landing party
meanwhile quinlan a sailor vocals lily
in her bath and drags her back to the
house
he tries to rape her and steal her pearl
before richard comes to her rescue
quinlan opens fire on richard who flees
richard lures quinlan to his death in
the jaws of the shark in the tidal reef
area upon returning
he apologizes to lily for hurting her
and she reveals that she is pregnant
she tells him that if he wants to leave
then she will not stop him
but that she wants to raise their child
away from civilization
and from guns they decide to stay and
raise their child on the island
as they feel their blissful life would
not compare to civilization
the ship departs and the two young
lovers stay on the island and have their
baby a girl thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
[Music]
videos
you